#summary History of the top page

=== 1/9/2011 V0.1 Released ==
  * Now the first public version is available for download! [http://kinect-ultra.googlecode.com/files/kinect-ultra-0.1a.zip Click here]

  * Run this program on fairly fast Windows PC. [WorkingConfigurations] page lists the configurations this program is reported to work on. Please let me know of your configuration by a comment on the same page.

  * If you have any other comments, please leave them at [Comments] page.

  * This version supports the following Ultra Sever's superpowers:
    * Wide Shot
    * Emerium Beam (A/B type)
    * Eye Slugger (throw, hold, and Ultra Knock Attack)
    * Time limit and flying back

  * Thanks to panzerNEWB for nice Eye Slugger model.

  * See [Articles] for links to online articles referencing to this project.

----

こんなことをできるようにするKinect Hackです: *Kinectでなりきりウルトラセブン！*
  * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eCbURRDUUdI
  * http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxvn98lqr5Y

=== 2011/1/9 V0.1 Released ==

  * ついにダウンロード可能になりました！[http://kinect-ultra.googlecode.com/files/kinect-ultra-0.1a.zip ここをクリック]

  * それなりに高速なWindows PCで動かしてください。動作報告のあった構成を [WorkingConfigurations] ページにリストしています。あなたが動かした環境についての情報もコメントで教えてください。

  * その他コメントがあれば [Comments] ページにお願いします。

  * このバージョンはウルトラセブンの次の技をサポートしています:
    * ワイドショット
    * エメリウム光線(A/Bタイプ)
    * アイスラッガー(投げ、持ち、ウルトラノック戦法)
    * 活動時間制限と飛び去り

  * panzerNEWBさんが素晴らしいアイスラッガーのモデルを作ってくれました。

  * 変身後の姿が少々雑なのは庵野秀明版「帰ってきたウルトラマン」へのオマージュが入っています。

  * 本プロジェクトに関するオンライン記事へのリンクを[Articles]にリストしています。